Make the cross-namespace sentence conditional (#122)
k8s-service-bindings/spec: README.md

A Service Binding describes the connection between a [Provisioned Service](#provisioned-service) and an [Application Projection](#application-projection).  It **MUST** be codified as a concrete resource type with API version `service.binding/v1alpha2` and kind `ServiceBinding`.  Multiple Service Bindings can refer to the same service.  Multiple Service Bindings can refer to the same application.  An exemplar CRD can be found [here][sb-crd].

> Restricting service binding to resources within the same namespace is strongly **RECOMMENDED**.  However, if implemented, cross-namespace service binding **SHOULD** be secured appropriately by the implementor to prevent attacks like privilege escalation and secret enumeration.

Reviewer: I think security is a major concern, but there's also a usability concern in terms of looking at a `ServiceBinding` CR and being able to determine which service that maps to - i.e. not a magically / hidden lookup of services in other namespaces.

```suggestion
Restricting service binding to resources within the same namespace is strongly **RECOMMENDED**.  Implementations that choose to support cross-namespace service binding **SHOULD** provide a security model that prevents attacks like privilege escalation and secret enumeration, as well as a deterministic way to declare target namespaces.
```

Author: The change looks good to me. I have committed it. Thanks @arthurdm !
